#summary How to build your own AjaxLife server thingy
= Requirements =
This document assumes you have a machine running Windows, and 
have Microsoft Visual C# Express installed. !AjaxLife can also
be compiled using [http://monodevelop.com/Main_Page MonoDevelop] on Linux or OS X using the same project files and similar instructions, although the 
mono compiler will choke on 0.3.6 or earlier for some reason
I'm not entirely clear on. A code change was made later that
fixed this.

= Instructions =
 # Download the latest version of !AjaxLife from subversion. You can find advice for this [http://code.google.com/p/ajaxlife/source/checkout on this page]. It is recommended that you pick the latest [http://ajaxlife.googlecode.com/svn/tags/ tagged] version instead of the [http://ajaxlife.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ trunk] to ensure optimal stability.
 # Download the most recent "dependencies" archive from [http://code.google.com/p/ajaxlife/downloads/list the downloads page] and extract it in the `server` directory of the folder downloaded in step 1. A `dependencies` folder should appear.
 # If one does not already exist, create an empty file called `robots.txt` in the `server` directory. This is an issue up to r177 / tag 0.3.6 inclusive.
 # Open the `AjaxLife.sln` "solution" file using Visual C#.
 # Open the "Build" menu and click "Build" (or press F6).
 # In `server\bin\Release\`, you will find the compiled server and support files. If the server is run with no arguments, it will start listening on port 8080, and probably won't work.
 
= Other useful bits =
In order to actually _use_ this server, it is recommended that you upload that files in the `client` directory you obtained in step 1 to a webserver. Then read CommandLineArguments for instructions on use.